our upcoming sale of fine chinese
ceramics works of art includes an
impressive selection of works of art in
various material including ceramic Jade
furniture snuff bottles and glass one of
the highlights this season is this
magnificent bottle by stating to the
reign of the chin ma m / which is 1736
to 1795 this vase comes from the
collection of george h Taber the vase
belongs to a well-known series that
features a large iron red dragon
writhing amidst multicolored clouds and
looking up to him near the base of the
vase is a small pink dragon emerging
from Green Wave's it is believed that
the larger dragon and iron red
represents the cello Emperor and that
the smaller dragon would represent his
son the future cha-ching Emperor and in
this design the larger dragon is passing
on up the authority and knowledge to his
successor the vase would have been made
in the latter part of the 18th century
when the reign of the Gemini bro would
be coming to an end and the rain mark of
the Chilam Emperor is inscribed on the
base of the base this is a remarkable
ways because of its large size its
outstanding condition its distinguished
provenance and it's very distinctive
design which is very uplifting and happy
with beautiful composition and bright
enamels really just harmonious from
every vantage point another highlight
from the sale is this magnificent
spinach green jade brush pot it was
likely produced in the Imperial
workshops it's the kind of piece you can
imagine on the desk of a high-ranking
scholar in the 18th century who wanted
to escape the hectic world of the city
and imagine himself in nature and the
hills is carved from one large section
of high quality green jade and it's
carved all over with the very intricate
design of scholars at various pursuits
in a very lush landscape
one of my favorite scenes on this brush
pot is a scene of scholar visiting with
a monk and they're seated on a
promontory looking out over this
waterfall and a scene like this is
inscribed in deep relief all over the
brush pot this magnificent jade brush
pot comes from the collection of dr.
Leonard and an marsack
you